---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_agent_pool_update"
description: |-
  Retrieves an Okta Agent Pool Update. Agent pool updates allow you to schedule and manage updates for agent pools.
---

# Data Source: okta_agent_pool_update

Retrieves an Okta Agent Pool Update. Agent pool updates allow you to schedule and manage updates for agent pools.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_agent_pool_update" "example" {
  id      = "<update_id>"
  pool_id = "<pool_id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the agent pool update.
- `pool_id` (String) The unique identifier of the agent pool.

### Read-Only

- `agent_type` (String) Agent types that are being monitored (e.g. AD, LDAP, IWA, RADIUS, MFA, OPP, RUM, Radius).
- `agents` (Set of Object) The agents associated with the agent pool update. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--agents))
- `enabled` (Boolean) Indicates if auto-update is enabled for the agent pool.
- `name` (String) The name of the agent pool update.
- `notify_admin` (Boolean) Indicates if the admin is notified about the update.
- `reason` (String) Reason for the update.
- `schedule` (Object) The schedule configuration for the agent pool update. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--schedule))
- `sort_order` (Number) Specifies the sort order.
- `status` (String) Overall state for the auto-update job from the admin perspective (e.g., Cancelled, Failed, InProgress, Paused, Scheduled, Success).
- `target_version` (String) The agent version to update to.

<a id="nestedblock--agents"></a>
### Nested Schema for `agents`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the agent.
- `is_hidden` (Boolean) Determines if an agent is hidden from the Admin Console.
- `is_latest_gaed_version` (Boolean) Determines if the agent is on the latest generally available version.
- `last_connection` (Number) Timestamp when the agent last connected to Okta.
- `name` (String) The name of the agent.
- `operational_status` (String) Operational status of a given agent (e.g., DEGRADED, DISRUPTED, INACTIVE, OPERATIONAL).
- `pool_id` (String) Pool ID.
- `type` (String) Agent types that are being monitored.
- `update_message` (String) Status message of the agent.
- `update_status` (String) Status for one agent regarding the status to auto-update that agent.
- `version` (String) Agent version number.

<a id="nestedblock--schedule"></a>
### Nested Schema for `schedule`

Read-Only:

- `cron` (String) The schedule of the update in cron format.
- `delay` (Number) Delay in days.
- `duration` (Number) Duration in minutes.
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp when the update finished.
- `timezone` (String) Timezone of where the scheduled job takes place.
