---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_app"
description: |-
  Get an application of any kind from Okta.
---

# Data Source: okta_app

Get an application of any kind from Okta.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_app" "example" {
  label = "Example App"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `active_only` (Boolean) Search only ACTIVE applications.
- `id` (String) Id of application to retrieve, conflicts with label and label_prefix.
- `label` (String) The label of the app to retrieve, conflicts with
				label_prefix and id. Label uses the ?q=<label> query parameter exposed by
				Okta's List Apps API. The API will search both name and label using that
				query. Therefore similarily named and labeled apps may be returned in the query
				and have the unitended result of associating the wrong app with this data
				source. See:
				https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/apps/#list-applications
- `label_prefix` (String) Label prefix of the app to retrieve, conflicts with label and id. This will tell the
				provider to do a starts with query as opposed to an equals query.
- `skip_groups` (Boolean, Deprecated) Ignore groups sync. This is a temporary solution until 'groups' field is supported in all the app-like resources
- `skip_users` (Boolean, Deprecated) Ignore users sync. This is a temporary solution until 'users' field is supported in all the app-like resources

### Read-Only

- `groups` (Set of String, Deprecated) Groups associated with the application
- `links` (String) Discoverable resources related to the app
- `name` (String) Name of application.
- `status` (String) Status of application.
- `users` (Set of String, Deprecated) Users associated with the application


