---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_app_oauth"
description: |-
  Get a OIDC application from Okta.
---

# Data Source: okta_app_oauth

Get a OIDC application from Okta.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_app_oauth" "test" {
  label = "Example App"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `active_only` (Boolean) Search only ACTIVE applications.
- `id` (String) Id of application to retrieve, conflicts with label and label_prefix.
- `label` (String) The label of the app to retrieve, conflicts with
				label_prefix and id. Label uses the ?q=<label> query parameter exposed by
				Okta's List Apps API. The API will search both name and label using that
				query. Therefore similarily named and labeled apps may be returned in the query
				and have the unitended result of associating the wrong app with this data
				source. See:
				https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/apps/#list-applications
- `label_prefix` (String) Label prefix of the app to retrieve, conflicts with label and id. This will tell the
				provider to do a starts with query as opposed to an equals query.
- `skip_groups` (Boolean, Deprecated) Ignore groups sync. This is a temporary solution until 'groups' field is supported in all the app-like resources
- `skip_users` (Boolean, Deprecated) Ignore users sync. This is a temporary solution until 'users' field is supported in all the app-like resources

### Read-Only

- `auto_submit_toolbar` (Boolean) Display auto submit toolbar
- `client_id` (String) OAuth client ID
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) OAuth client secret
- `client_uri` (String) URI to a web page providing information about the client.
- `grant_types` (Set of String) List of OAuth 2.0 grant types
- `hide_ios` (Boolean) Do not display application icon on mobile app
- `hide_web` (Boolean) Do not display application icon to users
- `links` (String) Discoverable resources related to the app
- `login_mode` (String) The type of Idp-Initiated login that the client supports, if any
- `login_scopes` (Set of String) List of scopes to use for the request when 'login_mode' == OKTA
- `login_uri` (String) URI that initiates login.
- `logo_uri` (String) URI that references a logo for the client.
- `name` (String) Name of application.
- `policy_uri` (String) URI to web page providing client policy document.
- `post_logout_redirect_uris` (Set of String) List of URIs for redirection after logout
- `redirect_uris` (Set of String) List of URIs for use in the redirect-based flow.
- `response_types` (Set of String) List of OAuth 2.0 response type strings.
- `status` (String) Status of application.
- `type` (String) The type of OAuth application.
- `wildcard_redirect` (String) Indicates if the client is allowed to use wildcard matching of redirect_uris. Some valid values include: "SUBDOMAIN", "DISABLED".


