---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_app_user_schema_property"
description: |-
  Gets an application user schema property.
  This data source allows you to retrieve information about an existing application user schema property without managing it in Terraform.
  ~> Note: App user schema properties may be automatically created by Okta when provisioning features are enabled on an application (e.g., PUSH_NEW_USERS, PUSH_PROFILE_UPDATES). Common auto-created properties include userName, email, givenName, familyName, displayName, title, department, and manager. This data source is useful for referencing these properties without bringing them under Terraform management.
---

# Data Source: okta_app_user_schema_property

Gets an application user schema property.

This data source allows you to retrieve information about an existing application user schema property without managing it in Terraform.

~> **Note:** App user schema properties may be automatically created by Okta when provisioning features are enabled on an application (e.g., PUSH_NEW_USERS, PUSH_PROFILE_UPDATES). Common auto-created properties include userName, email, givenName, familyName, displayName, title, department, and manager. This data source is useful for referencing these properties without bringing them under Terraform management.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The Application's ID the user schema property is associated with.
- `index` (String) Subschema unique string identifier

### Read-Only

- `array_enum` (List of String) Array of values that an array property's items can be set to.
- `array_one_of` (List of Object) Display name and value an enum array can be set to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--array_one_of))
- `array_type` (String) The type of the array elements if `type` is set to `array`.
- `description` (String) The description of the user schema property.
- `enum` (List of String) Array of values a primitive property can be set to. See `array_enum` for arrays.
- `external_name` (String) External name of the user schema property.
- `external_namespace` (String) External namespace of the user schema property.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `master` (String) Master priority for the user schema property. It can be `PROFILE_MASTER` or `OKTA`.
- `max_length` (Number) The maximum length of the user property value. Only applies to type `string`.
- `min_length` (Number) The minimum length of the user property value. Only applies to type `string`.
- `one_of` (List of Object) Array of maps containing a mapping for display name to enum value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--one_of))
- `permissions` (String) Access control permissions for the property. It can be set to `READ_WRITE`, `READ_ONLY`, `HIDE`.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether the subschema is required.
- `scope` (String) Determines whether an app user attribute can be set at the Personal `SELF` or Group `NONE` level.
- `title` (String) The property's display title.
- `type` (String) The type of the schema property. It can be `string`, `boolean`, `number`, `integer`, `array`, or `object`.
- `union` (Boolean) If `type` is `array`, determines whether attribute value is determined by group priority (false) or combine values across groups (true).
- `unique` (String) Whether the property should be unique. It can be set to `UNIQUE_VALIDATED` or `NOT_UNIQUE`.

<a id="nestedatt--array_one_of"></a>
### Nested Schema for `array_one_of`

Read-Only:

- `const` (String)
- `title` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--one_of"></a>
### Nested Schema for `one_of`

Read-Only:

- `const` (String)
- `title` (String)


