---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_app_user_schema"
description: |-
  Gets the entire application user schema for an application.
  This data source allows you to retrieve all custom properties in an application's user schema without managing them in Terraform.
  ~> Note: This is useful for referencing auto-created properties (from provisioning features like PUSH_NEW_USERS) or reading the complete schema configuration for use in other resources.
---

# Data Source: okta_app_user_schema

Gets the entire application user schema for an application.

This data source allows you to retrieve all custom properties in an application's user schema without managing them in Terraform.

~> **Note:** This is useful for referencing auto-created properties (from provisioning features like PUSH_NEW_USERS) or reading the complete schema configuration for use in other resources.



<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The Application's ID

### Read-Only

- `custom_property` (Block Set) Custom properties in the schema (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_property))
- `id` (String) The Application's ID (same as app_id)

<a id="nestedblock--custom_property"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_property`

Read-Only:

- `array_enum` (List of String) Array of values that an array property's items can be set to.
- `array_one_of` (Block List) Display name and value an enum array can be set to. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_property--array_one_of))
- `array_type` (String) The type of the array elements if `type` is set to `array`
- `description` (String) The description of the property
- `enum` (List of String) Array of values a primitive property can be set to. See `array_enum` for arrays.
- `external_name` (String) External name of the property
- `external_namespace` (String) External namespace of the property
- `index` (String) The property name/index
- `master` (String) Master priority for the property. It can be set to `PROFILE_MASTER` or `OKTA`
- `max_length` (Number) The maximum length of the property value. Only applies to type `string`
- `min_length` (Number) The minimum length of the property value. Only applies to type `string`
- `one_of` (Block List) Array of maps containing a mapping for display name to enum value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--custom_property--one_of))
- `permissions` (String) Access control permissions for the property. It can be set to `READ_WRITE`, `READ_ONLY`, or `HIDE`.
- `required` (Boolean) Whether the property is required
- `scope` (String) Determines whether an app user attribute can be set at the Personal `SELF` or Group `NONE` level.
- `title` (String) Display name for the property
- `type` (String) The type of the schema property. It can be `string`, `boolean`, `number`, `integer`, `array`, or `object`
- `union` (Boolean) If `type` is set to `array`, used to set whether attribute value is determined by group priority `false`, or combine values across groups `true`.
- `unique` (String) Whether the property should be unique. It can be set to `UNIQUE_VALIDATED` or `NOT_UNIQUE`.

<a id="nestedblock--custom_property--array_one_of"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_property.array_one_of`

Read-Only:

- `const` (String) Value mapping to member of `array_enum`
- `title` (String) Display name for the enum value.


<a id="nestedblock--custom_property--one_of"></a>
### Nested Schema for `custom_property.one_of`

Read-Only:

- `const` (String) Enum value
- `title` (String) Enum title


