---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_apps"
description: |-
  
---

# Data Source: okta_apps





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `active_only` (Boolean) Search only active applications.
- `include_non_deleted` (Boolean) Specifies whether to include non-active, but not deleted apps in the results.
- `q` (String) Searches for apps with name or label properties that starts with the `q` value.
- `label` (String) Searches for applications whose label or name property matches this value exactly.
- `label_prefix` (String) Searches for applications whose label or name property begins with this value. **Warning:** This might not work as intended and will be removed in the future release. Use `q` instead.
- `use_optimization` (Boolean) Specifies whether to use query optimization. If you specify `useOptimization=true` in the request query, the response contains a subset of app instance properties.

### Read-Only

- `apps` (List of Object) The list of applications that match the search criteria. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--apps))

<a id="nestedatt--apps"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps`

Read-Only:

- `admin_note` (String)
- `created` (String)
- `enduser_note` (String)
- `features` (List of String)
- `id` (String)
- `label` (String)
- `last_updated` (String)
- `name` (String)
- `sign_on_mode` (String)
- `status` (String)
- `visibility` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--apps--visibility))

<a id="nestedobjatt--apps--visibility"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps.visibility`

Read-Only:

- `auto_launch` (Boolean)
- `auto_submit_toolbar` (Boolean)
- `hide` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--apps--visibility--hide))

<a id="nestedobjatt--apps--visibility--hide"></a>
### Nested Schema for `apps.visibility.hide`

Read-Only:

- `ios` (Boolean)
- `web` (Boolean)


