---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_device"
description: |-
  Retrieves device information from Okta.
---

# Data Source: okta_device

Get information about a device in Okta.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_device" "example" {
  id = "<device_id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) The ID of the device.

### Read-Only

- `status` (String) The status of the device.
- `resource_type` (String) The resource type of the device.
- `created` (String) The creation timestamp of the device.
- `last_updated` (String) The last updated timestamp of the device.
- `resource_alternate_id` (String) The alternate ID of the device resource.
- `resource_id` (String) Alternate key for the id.
- `profile` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--profile))
- `resource_display_name` (Object) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedobjatt--resource--display--name))

<a id="nestedobjatt--profile"></a>
### Nested Schema for `profile`

Read-Only:

- `display_name` (String) The display name of the device.
- `platform` (String) The platform of the device.
- `registered` (Boolean) Indicates if the device is registered at Okta.
- `disk_encryption_type` (String) The disk encryption type of the device.
- `imei` (String) The International Mobile Equipment Identity (IMEI) of the device.
- `integrity_jail_break` (Boolean)Indicates if the device is jailbroken or rooted. Only applicable to IOS and ANDROID platforms.
- `manufacturer` (String) The manufacturer of the device.
- `meid` (String) The Mobile Equipment Identifier (MEID) of the device.
- `model` (String) The model of the device.
- `os_version` (String) The OS version of the device.
- `secure_hardware_present` (Boolean) Indicates if secure hardware is present on the device.
- `serial_number` (String) The serial number of the device.
- `sid` (String) The Security Identifier (SID) of the device.
- `tpm_present` (String) Windows Trusted Platform Module hash value.
- `udid` (String) MacOS Unique device identifier of the device.
- `management_agent` (String) The management agent of the device.

<a id="nestedobjatt--resource--display--name"></a>
### Nested Schema for `resource_display_name`

Read-Only:

- `sensitive` (Boolean) Indicates if the resource display name is sensitive.
- `value` (String) The value of the resource display name.