---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_entitlement_bundle"
description: |-
  Gets the full representation of a entitlement bundle.
---

# Data Source: okta_entitlement

Get the entitlement bundle for the given id.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_entitlement_bundle" "test" {
  id = "<entitlement_bundle id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

### Read-Only
- `name` (String) The display name for an entitlement bundle.
- `description` (String) The description of an entitlement property.
- `target_resource_orn` (String) The ORN of the target resource. Required when updating the entitlement bundle.
- `status` (String) The status of the entitlement bundle.
- `target` (Object) Representation of a resource (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target))
- `entitlements` (Array) List of entitlements in the bundle (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--entitlements))
- `created` (String) The created timestamp of this resource.
- `last_updated` (String) The last updated timestamp of this resource.
- `created_by` (String) The ID of the user that created this resource.
- `last_updated_by` (String) The ID of the user that last updated this resource.


<a id="nestedatt--brands"></a>
### Nested Schema for `entitlement`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id property of an entitlement.
- `data_type` (String) The data type of the entitlement property.
- `description` (String) The description of an entitlement property.
- `external_value` (String) The value of an entitlement property.
- `multi_value` (Boolean) The property that determines if the entitlement property can hold multiple values.
- `name` (String) The display name for an entitlement property.
- `required` (Boolean) The property that determines if the entitlement property is a required attribute.
- `values`(Array) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock----values))

<a id="nestedblock--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values`
Read-Only:
- `id` (String) The id of an entitlement value.
- `name` (String) The display name for an entitlement value.
- `description` (String) The description of an entitlement value.
- `external_id` (String) The ID of an entitlement property value in the downstream application.
- `external_value` (String) The value of an entitlement property value.
