---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_idp_social"
description: |-
  Get a social IdP from Okta.
---

# Data Source: okta_idp_social

Get a social IdP from Okta.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_idp_social" "example" {
  name = "My Facebook IdP"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `id` (String) The id of the social idp to retrieve, conflicts with `name`.
- `name` (String) The name of the social idp to retrieve, conflicts with `id`.

### Read-Only

- `account_link_action` (String) Specifies the account linking action for an IdP user.
- `account_link_group_include` (Set of String) Group memberships to determine link candidates.
- `authorization_binding` (String) The method of making an authorization request.
- `authorization_url` (String) IdP Authorization Server (AS) endpoint to request consent from the user and obtain an authorization code grant.
- `client_id` (String) Unique identifier issued by AS for the Okta IdP instance.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret issued by AS for the Okta IdP instance.
- `deprovisioned_action` (String) Action for a previously deprovisioned IdP user during authentication.
- `groups_action` (String) Provisioning action for IdP user's group memberships.
- `groups_assignment` (Set of String) List of Okta Group IDs.
- `groups_attribute` (String) IdP user profile attribute name for an array value that contains group memberships.
- `groups_filter` (Set of String) Whitelist of Okta Group identifiers.
- `issuer_mode` (String) Indicates whether Okta uses the original Okta org domain URL, or a custom domain URL.
- `max_clock_skew` (Number) Maximum allowable clock-skew when processing messages from the IdP.
- `profile_master` (Boolean) Determines if the IdP should act as a source of truth for user profile attributes.
- `protocol_type` (String) The type of protocol to use.
- `provisioning_action` (String) Provisioning action for an IdP user during authentication.
- `scopes` (Set of String) The scopes of the IdP.
- `status` (String) Status of the IdP.
- `subject_match_attribute` (String) Okta user profile attribute for matching transformed IdP username.
- `subject_match_type` (String) Determines the Okta user profile attribute match conditions for account linking and authentication of the transformed IdP username.
- `suspended_action` (String) Action for a previously suspended IdP user during authentication.
- `token_binding` (String) The method of making a token request.
- `token_url` (String) IdP Authorization Server (AS) endpoint to exchange the authorization code grant for an access token.
- `type` (String) The type of Social IdP. See API docs [Identity Provider Type](https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/idps/#identity-provider-type)
- `username_template` (String) Okta EL Expression to generate or transform a unique username for the IdP user.


