---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_network_zone"
description: |-
  Gets Okta Network Zone.
---

# Data Source: okta_network_zone

Gets Okta Network Zone.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_network_zone" "example" {
  name = "Block Antarctica"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `dynamic_locations_exclude` (Set of String) Array of locations ISO-3166-1(2) excluded. Format code: countryCode OR countryCode-regionCode. Use with type `DYNAMIC_V2`
- `id` (String) ID of the network zone to retrieve, conflicts with `name`.
- `ip_service_categories_exclude` (Set of String) List of ip service excluded. Use with type `DYNAMIC_V2`
- `ip_service_categories_include` (Set of String) List of ip service included. Use with type `DYNAMIC_V2`
- `name` (String) Name of the network zone to retrieve, conflicts with `id`.

### Read-Only

- `asns` (Set of String) List of asns included. Format of each array value: a string representation of an ASN numeric value. Use with type `DYNAMIC` or `DYNAMIC_V2`
- `dynamic_locations` (Set of String) Array of locations ISO-3166-1(2) included. Format code: countryCode OR countryCode-regionCode. Use with type `DYNAMIC` or `DYNAMIC_V2`
- `dynamic_proxy_type` (String) Type of proxy being controlled by this dynamic network zone - can be one of `Any`, `TorAnonymizer` or `NotTorAnonymizer`. Use with type `DYNAMIC`
- `gateways` (Set of String) Array of values in CIDR/range form depending on the way it's been declared (i.e. CIDR will contain /suffix). Please check API docs for examples. Use with type `IP`
- `proxies` (Set of String) Array of values in CIDR/range form depending on the way it's been declared (i.e. CIDR will contain /suffix). Please check API docs for examples. Can not be set if `usage` is set to `BLOCKLIST`. Use with type `IP`
- `status` (String) Network Status - can either be ACTIVE or INACTIVE only
- `type` (String) Type of the Network Zone - can be `IP`, `DYNAMIC` or `DYNAMIC_V2` only
- `usage` (String) Zone's purpose: POLICY or BLOCKLIST


