---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_policy_rule_password"
description: |-
  Get a Password Policy Rule from Okta.
---

# Data Source: okta_policy_rule_password

Get a Password Policy Rule from Okta.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_default_policy" "password" {
  type = "PASSWORD"
}

resource "okta_policy_rule_password" "example" {
  policy_id = data.okta_default_policy.password.id
  name      = "My Password Rule"
}

data "okta_policy_rule_password" "example" {
  policy_id = data.okta_default_policy.password.id
  id        = okta_policy_rule_password.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id` (String) ID of the rule.
- `policy_id` (String) ID of the Policy owning this rule.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `name` (String) Name of the rule.
- `priority` (Number) Priority of the rule.
- `status` (String) Status of the rule: `ACTIVE` or `INACTIVE`.
- `network_connection` (String) Network selection mode: `ANYWHERE`, `ZONE`.
- `network_includes` (List of String) Network zones to include (when `network_connection` = `ZONE`).
- `network_excludes` (List of String) Network zones to exclude (when `network_connection` = `ZONE`).
- `users_excluded` (Set of String) User IDs excluded from this rule.
- `password_change` (String) Whether a user is allowed to change their password: `ALLOW` or `DENY`.
- `password_reset` (String) Whether a user is allowed to reset their password: `ALLOW` or `DENY`.
- `password_unlock` (String) Whether a user is allowed to unlock their account: `ALLOW` or `DENY`.
- `password_reset_access_control` (String) Whether SSPR access is governed by an authentication policy or legacy behavior. Options: `LEGACY`, `AUTH_POLICY`.
- `password_reset_requirement` (List of Object) Self-service password reset (SSPR) requirement settings. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--password_reset_requirement))

<a id="nestedatt--password_reset_requirement"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password_reset_requirement`

Read-Only:

- `method_constraints` (List of Object) Constraints on the values specified in `primary_methods`. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--password_reset_requirement--method_constraints))
- `primary_methods` (Set of String) Authenticator methods allowed for the initial authentication step of password recovery.
- `step_up_enabled` (Boolean) Whether a secondary authenticator is required for password reset.
- `step_up_methods` (Set of String) Authenticator methods required for the secondary authentication step of password recovery. Items value: `security_question`.

<a id="nestedatt--password_reset_requirement--method_constraints"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password_reset_requirement.method_constraints`

Read-Only:

- `method` (String) The method to constrain (e.g. `otp`).
- `allowed_authenticators` (Set of String) Keys of the authenticators allowed for this method (e.g. `google_otp`).
