---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_principal_entitlements"
description: |-
  Principal Entitlements represent the effective entitlements for a user and resource after evaluating all grants.
---

# Data Source: okta_principal_entitlements

Get the entitlements for a user and resource after evaluating all grants.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_principal_entitlements" "test" {
  parent {
    external_id = "<resource_id>"
    type        = "<resource_type>"
  }
  target_principal {
    external_id = "<principal_id>"
    type        = "<principal_type>"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required
- `parent` (Object) Representation of a resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parent))
- `target_principal` (Object) Representation of a principal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_principal))

### Read-Only
- `id` (String) The Okta Principal Entitlement object does not include a native ID field, so this value is generated to uniquely represent the entitlement in Terraform state.
- `data` (List of Object) Principal entitlements list. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--data))


<a id="nestedblock--parent"></a>
### Nested Schema for `parent`
## Required:
- `external_id` (String) The Okta user's email address.
- `type` (String) The Okta user id.

<a id="nestedblock--target_principal"></a>
### Nested Schema for `target_principal`
## Required:
- `external_id` (String) The Okta user id.
- `type` (String) The type of principal. Enum: `OKTA_USER`.

<a id="nestedblock--data"></a>
### Nested Schema for `data`
## Required:
- `parent` (Object) Representation of a resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--parent))
- `target_principal` (Object) Representation of a principal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--target_principal))

## Optional:
- `data_type` (String) The data type of the entitlement property. Enum: `array`, `string`.
- `description` (String) The Okta user id.
- `external_value` (String) The type of principal. Enum: `OKTA_USER`.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the entitlement.
- `multi_value` (Boolean) Indicates if the entitlement is multi-valued.
- `name` (String) The name of the entitlement.
- `parent_resource_orn` (String) The Okta app instance, in ORN format.
- `required` (Boolean) Indicates if the entitlement is required.
- `target_principal_orn` (String) The Okta user id, in ORN format.
- `values` (List of Objects) The values of the entitlement. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--values))


<a id="nestedblock--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values`
- `description` (String) The description of the value.
- `external_id` (String) The external ID of the value.
- `external_value` (String) The value of an entitlement property value.
- `id` (String) The unique identifier of the value.
- `name` (String) The name of the value.