---
page_title: "Resource: okta_request_v2"
description: |-
  Request settings are useful for managing your org's access requests. Request settings can be read and updated at the org and resource level.
---

# Resource: okta_request_v2

Retrieves the full representation of a specific request.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_request_v2" "test" {
  id = "<request_id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `id`(String) The ID of the request.

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) The date and time when the request condition was created.
- `last_updated` (String) The date and time when the request condition was last updated.
- `created_by` (String) The id of the user who created the request condition.
- `last_updated_by` (String) The id of the user who last updated the request condition.
- `status` (String) The status of the request.
- `requested` (Object) A representation of a resource that can be requested for access.(see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--requested))
- `requested_for` (Object) A representation of a principal.(see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--requested_for))
- `requested_by` (Object) A representation of a principal.(see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--requested_by))

<a id="nestedblock--requested"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requested`
Read-Only:
- `entry_id` (String) The ID of the resource catalog entry.
- `type` (String) The type of the resource.
- `access_scope_id` (String) The ID of the access scope associated with the resource.
- `access_scope_type` (String) The access scope type.
- `resource_id` (String) The ID of the requested resource.
- `resource_type` (String) The requested resource type.

<a id="nestedblock--requested_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requested_for`
Required:
- `external_id` (String) The ID of the Okta user.
- `type` (String) The type of principal.

<a id="nestedblock--requested_by"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requested_by`
Required:
- `external_id` (String) The ID of the Okta user.
- `type` (String) The type of principal.