---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_request_conditions"
description: |-
  Lists all request conditions for a resource. Request conditions define what resources and access levels requesters can request from their resource catalog.
---

# Data Source: okta_request_conditions

Lists all request conditions for a resource

Request conditions define what resources and access levels requesters can request from their resource catalog. Each request condition defines:

* Who can request access
* What resource and access level they can request
* How long the access should be granted for
* What request sequence to use for approval
* A priority to control what condition should take precedence when a requester matches against multiple request conditions

See [Access request conditions](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance.requests.admin.v2/tag/Request-Conditions/) for more information on Access request conditions and Identity Governance.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_request_conditions" "example" {
  resource_id = "0oab0oNGTSWTBKOLGLNR"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `resource_id` (String) The id of the resource in Okta ID format or ORN format.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The internal identifier for this data source, required by Terraform to track state. This field does not exist in the Okta API response.
- `conditions` (Block List) List of request conditions for the resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions))

<a id="nestedblock--conditions"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The id of the request condition.
- `name` (String) The name of the request condition.
- `description` (String) The description of the request condition.
- `priority` (Number) The priority of the request condition. Lower numbers indicate higher priority.
- `status` (String) Status indicates if this condition is active or not. Possible values: `ACTIVE`, `INACTIVE`, `DELETED`, `INVALID`.
- `approval_sequence_id` (String) The ID of the approval sequence.
- `created` (String) The ISO 8601 formatted date and time when the resource was created.
- `created_by` (String) The id of the Okta user who created the resource.
- `last_updated` (String) The ISO 8601 formatted date and time when the object was last updated.
- `last_updated_by` (String) The id of the Okta user who last updated the object.
- `access_scope_settings` (Block) Settings for the access request scope. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions--access_scope_settings))
- `requester_settings` (Block) Requester settings define who may submit an access request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions--requester_settings))
- `access_duration_settings` (Block) Settings that control the access duration. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions--access_duration_settings))

<a id="nestedblock--conditions--access_scope_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.access_scope_settings`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The type of access scope. Possible values: `RESOURCE_DEFAULT`, `GROUPS`, `ENTITLEMENT_BUNDLES`.
- `ids` (Block List) Block list of groups/entitlement bundles ids. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions--access_scope_settings--ids))

<a id="nestedblock--conditions--access_scope_settings--ids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.access_scope_settings.ids`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The group/entitlement bundle ID.

<a id="nestedblock--conditions--requester_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.requester_settings`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The type of requester. Possible values: `EVERYONE`, `TEAMS`, `GROUPS`.
- `ids` (Block List) Block list of teams/groups ids. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--conditions--requester_settings--ids))

<a id="nestedblock--conditions--requester_settings--ids"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.requester_settings.ids`

Read-Only:

- `id` (String) The group/team ID.

<a id="nestedblock--conditions--access_duration_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `conditions.access_duration_settings`

Read-Only:

- `type` (String) The type of access duration setting. Possible values: `ADMIN_FIXED_DURATION`, `REQUESTER_SPECIFIED_DURATION`.
- `duration` (String) The duration of access in ISO 8601 duration format. Only applicable for `ADMIN_FIXED_DURATION` type.
- `maximum_duration` (String) The maximum duration of access in ISO 8601 duration format. Only applicable for `REQUESTER_SPECIFIED_DURATION` type.
