---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_request_condition"
description: |-
  Request conditions define what resources and access levels requesters can request from their resource catalog.
---

# Data Source: okta_request_condition

Retrieves a resource request condition

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_request_condition" "test" {
  id ="<request_condition_id>"
  resource_id="<resource_id>"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required
- `id` (String) The id of the request condition.
- `resource_id` (String) The id of the resource in Okta ID format.

### Read-Only
- `id` (String) Request condition id.
- `created` (String) The date and time when the request condition was created.
- `last_updated` (String) The date and time when the request condition was last updated.
- `created_by` (String) The id of the user who created the request condition.
- `last_updated_by` (String) The id of the user who last updated the request condition.
- `status` (String) Status indicates if this condition is active or not. Default status is INACTIVE. Enum: `ACTIVE`, `INACTIVE`, `DELETED`, `INVALID`.
- `name` (String) The name of the request condition.
- `priority` (int) The priority of the request condition. Lower numbers indicate higher priority.
- `access_scope_settings` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--access_scope_settings))
- `requester_settings` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--requester_settings))


<a id="nestedblock--access_scope_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `access_scope_settings`
Read-Only:
- `type` (String) Enum: `RESOURCE_DEFAULT`, `GROUPS`, `ENTITLEMENT_BUNDLES`.
- `id` (Block List) Each block specifies a type (e.g., GROUPS) and one or more ids blocks containing an id (the group or entitlement bundle ID).

<a id="nestedblock--requester_settings"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requester_settings`
Read-Only:
- `type` (String) Enum: `EVERYONE`, `TEAMS`, `GROUPS`.
- `id` (Block List) Each block specifies a type (e.g., GROUPS) and one or more ids blocks containing an id (the group or entitlement bundle ID).