---
page_title: "Data Source: okta_ui_schema"
description: |-
  Retrieves a UI Schema.
---

# Data Source: okta_ui_schema

Use this data source to retrieve information about an Okta UI Schema.

## Example Usage

```terraform
data "okta_ui_schema" "example" {
  id = "ui_schema_id"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema
### Required

- `id` (String) The ID property of an UI Schema.

### Read-Only

- `created` (String) Timestamp when the UI Schema was created. (ISO 86001).
- `last_updated` (String) Timestamp when the UI Schema was last modified (ISO 86001).
- `ui_schema` - (Object) Representation of a resource. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ui_schema))

<a id="nestedblock--ui_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ui_schema`
- `button_label` (String) Specifies the button label for the Submit button at the bottom of the enrollment form.
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of layout.
- `label` (String) Specifies the label at the top of the enrollment form under the logo.
- `elements` (List of Object) List of UI schema elements.(see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elements))


<a id="nestedblock--elements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elements`

- `label` (String) Label name for the UI element.
- `scope` (String) Specifies the property bound to the input field. It must follow the format #/properties/PROPERTY_NAME where PROPERTY_NAME is a variable name for an attribute in profile editor..
- `type` (String) Specifies the relationship between this input element and scope. The Control value specifies that this input controls the value represented by scope..
- `options` (Object) UI Schema element options object.. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--options))


<a id="nestedblock--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`
- `format` (String) Specifies how the input appears.