---
page_title: "Resource: okta_api_token" 
description: |- 
  Manages an API Token configuration.
---

# Resource: okta_api_token

Manages an Okta API token configuration. This resource allows you to import and manage existing API tokens, including their network restrictions. API tokens are used to authenticate API requests to your Okta organization.

~> NOTE: This resource is import-only. API tokens cannot be created through Terraform as they are generated through the Okta Admin Console or API. You can only import existing tokens and manage their configuration.

~> WARNING: When this resource is destroyed, the API token will be revoked and can no longer be used for authentication.


## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_api_token" example{
  id="00T1fxzubpqiepH11d38"
  name = "token-api-token-test"
  user_id="00unkw1sfbTw08c0g1d7"
  network{
    connection= "ZONE"
    exclude{
        ip= "nzonkw1sfwwi79Hat2d7"
    }
  }
  client_name="Okta API"
}
```
<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required
- `id` (String) The ID of the API token.

### Optional
- `client_name` (String) The name of the API token client. 
- `created` (String) Timestamp when the API token was created. 
- `name` (String) The name of the API token. 
- `network` (Block, Max: 1) The Network Condition of the API Token. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network))
- `user_id` (String) The ID of the user that the API token will be used.

<a id="nestedblock--network"></a>
## Nested Schema for network
### Optional:
- `connection` (String) The connection type of the Network Condition.

### Blocks:
- `exclude` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network.exclude))
- `include` (Block Set) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--network.include))

<a id="nestedblock--network.exclude"></a>
### Optional:
- `ip` (String) The IP address the excluded zone.

<a id="nestedblock--network--include"></a>
### Optional:
- `ip` (String) The IP address the included zone.

### Import
API tokens can be imported using their ID:

```shell
terraform import okta_api_token.example <api_token_id>
```