---
page_title: "Resource: okta_app_shared_credentials"
description: |-
  Creates a SWA shared credentials app.
  This resource allows you to create and configure SWA shared credentials app.
  -> During an apply if there is change in 'status' the app will first be
  activated or deactivated in accordance with the 'status' change. Then, all
  other arguments that changed will be applied.
---

# Resource: okta_app_shared_credentials

Creates a SWA shared credentials app.
This resource allows you to create and configure SWA shared credentials app.
-> During an apply if there is change in 'status' the app will first be
activated or deactivated in accordance with the 'status' change. Then, all
other arguments that changed will be applied.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_app_shared_credentials" "example" {
  label                            = "Example App"
  status                           = "ACTIVE"
  button_field                     = "btn-login"
  username_field                   = "txtbox-username"
  password_field                   = "txtbox-password"
  url                              = "https://example.com/login.html"
  redirect_url                     = "https://example.com/redirect_url"
  checkbox                         = "checkbox_red"
  user_name_template               = "user.firstName"
  user_name_template_type          = "CUSTOM"
  user_name_template_suffix        = "hello"
  shared_password                  = "sharedpass"
  shared_username                  = "sharedusername"
  accessibility_self_service       = true
  accessibility_error_redirect_url = "https://example.com/redirect_url_1"
  accessibility_login_redirect_url = "https://example.com/redirect_url_2"
  auto_submit_toolbar              = true
  hide_ios                         = true
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `label` (String) The Application's display name.

### Optional

- `accessibility_error_redirect_url` (String) Custom error page URL
- `accessibility_login_redirect_url` (String) Custom login page URL
- `accessibility_self_service` (Boolean) Enable self service. Default is `false`
- `admin_note` (String) Application notes for admins.
- `app_links_json` (String) Displays specific appLinks for the app. The value for each application link should be boolean.
- `auto_submit_toolbar` (Boolean) Display auto submit toolbar
- `button_field` (String) Login button field
- `checkbox` (String) CSS selector for the checkbox
- `enduser_note` (String) Application notes for end users.
- `hide_ios` (Boolean) Do not display application icon on mobile app
- `hide_web` (Boolean) Do not display application icon to users
- `logo` (String) Local file path to the logo. The file must be in PNG, JPG, or GIF format, and less than 1 MB in size.
- `password_field` (String) Login password field
- `preconfigured_app` (String) Name of application from the Okta Integration Network, if not included a custom app will be created.
- `redirect_url` (String) Secondary URL of the sign-in page for this app
- `shared_password` (String) Shared password, required for certain schemes.
- `shared_username` (String) Shared username, required for certain schemes.
- `status` (String) Status of application. By default, it is `ACTIVE`
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `url` (String) The URL of the sign-in page for this app.
- `url_regex` (String) A regular expression that further restricts url to the specified regular expression.
- `user_name_template` (String) Username template. Default: `${source.login}`
- `user_name_template_push_status` (String) Push username on update. Valid values: `PUSH` and `DONT_PUSH`
- `user_name_template_suffix` (String) Username template suffix
- `user_name_template_type` (String) Username template type. Default: `BUILT_IN`
- `username_field` (String) Login username field

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `logo_url` (String) URL of the application's logo
- `name` (String) Name of the app.
- `sign_on_mode` (String) Sign on mode of application.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import okta_app_shared_credentials.example <app_id>
```
