---
page_title: "Resource: okta_app_secure_password_store"
description: |-
  Creates a Secure Password Store Application.
      This resource allows you to create and configure a Secure Password Store Application.
      -> During an apply if there is change in 'status' the app will first be
      activated or deactivated in accordance with the 'status' change. Then, all
      other arguments that changed will be applied.
---

# Resource: okta_app_secure_password_store

Creates a Secure Password Store Application.
	
		This resource allows you to create and configure a Secure Password Store Application.
		-> During an apply if there is change in 'status' the app will first be
		activated or deactivated in accordance with the 'status' change. Then, all
		other arguments that changed will be applied.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_app_secure_password_store" "example" {
  label              = "example"
  username_field     = "user"
  password_field     = "pass"
  url                = "https://test.com"
  credentials_scheme = "ADMIN_SETS_CREDENTIALS"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `label` (String) The Application's display name.
- `password_field` (String) Login password field
- `url` (String) Login URL
- `username_field` (String) Login username field

### Optional

- `accessibility_error_redirect_url` (String) Custom error page URL
- `accessibility_login_redirect_url` (String) Custom login page URL
- `accessibility_self_service` (Boolean) Enable self service. Default is `false`
- `admin_note` (String) Application notes for admins.
- `app_links_json` (String) Displays specific appLinks for the app. The value for each application link should be boolean.
- `auto_submit_toolbar` (Boolean) Display auto submit toolbar
- `credentials_scheme` (String) Application credentials scheme. One of: `EDIT_USERNAME_AND_PASSWORD`, `ADMIN_SETS_CREDENTIALS`, `EDIT_PASSWORD_ONLY`, `EXTERNAL_PASSWORD_SYNC`, or `SHARED_USERNAME_AND_PASSWORD`
- `enduser_note` (String) Application notes for end users.
- `hide_ios` (Boolean) Do not display application icon on mobile app
- `hide_web` (Boolean) Do not display application icon to users
- `logo` (String) Local file path to the logo. The file must be in PNG, JPG, or GIF format, and less than 1 MB in size.
- `optional_field1` (String) Name of optional param in the login form
- `optional_field1_value` (String) Name of optional value in login form
- `optional_field2` (String) Name of optional param in the login form
- `optional_field2_value` (String) Name of optional value in login form
- `optional_field3` (String) Name of optional param in the login form
- `optional_field3_value` (String) Name of optional value in login form
- `reveal_password` (Boolean) Allow user to reveal password. It can not be set to `true` if `credentials_scheme` is `ADMIN_SETS_CREDENTIALS`, `SHARED_USERNAME_AND_PASSWORD` or `EXTERNAL_PASSWORD_SYNC`.
- `shared_password` (String) Shared password, required for certain schemes.
- `shared_username` (String) Shared username, required for certain schemes.
- `status` (String) Status of application. By default, it is `ACTIVE`
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `user_name_template` (String) Username template. Default: `${source.login}`
- `user_name_template_push_status` (String) Push username on update. Valid values: `PUSH` and `DONT_PUSH`
- `user_name_template_suffix` (String) Username template suffix
- `user_name_template_type` (String) Username template type. Default: `BUILT_IN`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `logo_url` (String) URL of the application's logo
- `name` (String) Name of the app.
- `sign_on_mode` (String) Sign on mode of application.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import okta_app_secure_password_store.example <app id>
```
