---
page_title: "Resource: okta_app_saml"
description: |-
  
---

# Resource: okta_app_saml





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `label` (String) Pretty name of app.

### Optional

- `accessibility_error_redirect_url` (String) Custom error page URL
- `accessibility_login_redirect_url` (String) Custom login page URL
- `accessibility_self_service` (Boolean) Enable self service
- `acs_endpoints` (Set of String) List of ACS endpoints for this SAML application
- `admin_note` (String) Application notes for admins.
- `app_links_json` (String) Displays specific appLinks for the app
- `app_settings_json` (String) Application settings in JSON format
- `assertion_signed` (Boolean) Determines whether the SAML assertion is digitally signed
- `attribute_statements` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--attribute_statements))
- `audience` (String) Audience Restriction
- `authentication_policy` (String) Id of this apps authentication policy
- `authn_context_class_ref` (String) Identifies the SAML authentication context class for the assertion’s authentication statement
- `auto_submit_toolbar` (Boolean) Display auto submit toolbar
- `default_relay_state` (String) Identifies a specific application resource in an IDP initiated SSO scenario.
- `destination` (String) Identifies the location where the SAML response is intended to be sent inside of the SAML assertion
- `digest_algorithm` (String) Determines the digest algorithm used to digitally sign the SAML assertion and response
- `enduser_note` (String) Application notes for end users.
- `hide_ios` (Boolean) Do not display application icon on mobile app
- `hide_web` (Boolean) Do not display application icon to users
- `honor_force_authn` (Boolean) Prompt user to re-authenticate if SP asks for it
- `idp_issuer` (String) SAML issuer ID
- `implicit_assignment` (Boolean) *Early Access Property*. Enable Federation Broker Mode.
- `inline_hook_id` (String) Saml Inline Hook setting
- `key_name` (String) Certificate name. This modulates the rotation of keys. New name == new key.
- `key_years_valid` (Number) Number of years the certificate is valid.
- `logo` (String) Local path to logo of the application.
- `preconfigured_app` (String) Name of preexisting SAML application. For instance 'slack'
- `recipient` (String) The location where the app may present the SAML assertion
- `request_compressed` (Boolean) Denotes whether the request is compressed or not.
- `response_signed` (Boolean) Determines whether the SAML auth response message is digitally signed
- `saml_signed_request_enabled` (Boolean) SAML Signed Request enabled
- `saml_version` (String) SAML version for the app's sign-on mode
- `signature_algorithm` (String) Signature algorithm used ot digitally sign the assertion and response
- `single_logout_certificate` (String) x509 encoded certificate that the Service Provider uses to sign Single Logout requests
- `single_logout_issuer` (String) The issuer of the Service Provider that generates the Single Logout request
- `single_logout_url` (String) The location where the logout response is sent
- `sp_issuer` (String) SAML SP issuer ID
- `sso_url` (String) Single Sign On URL
- `status` (String) Status of application.
- `subject_name_id_format` (String) Identifies the SAML processing rules.
- `subject_name_id_template` (String) Template for app user's username when a user is assigned to the app
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `user_name_template` (String) Username template
- `user_name_template_push_status` (String) Push username on update
- `user_name_template_suffix` (String) Username template suffix
- `user_name_template_type` (String) Username template type

### Read-Only

- `certificate` (String) cert from SAML XML metadata payload
- `embed_url` (String) The url that can be used to embed this application in other portals.
- `entity_key` (String) Entity ID, the ID portion of the entity_url
- `entity_url` (String) Entity URL for instance http://www.okta.com/exk1fcia6d6EMsf331d8
- `features` (Set of String) features to enable
- `http_post_binding` (String) urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:bindings:HTTP-Post location from the SAML metadata.
- `http_redirect_binding` (String) urn:oasis:names:tc:SAML:2.0:bindings:HTTP-Redirect location from the SAML metadata.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `key_id` (String) Certificate ID
- `keys` (List of Object) Application keys (see [below for nested schema](#nestedatt--keys))
- `logo_url` (String) URL of the application's logo
- `metadata` (String) SAML xml metadata payload
- `metadata_url` (String) SAML xml metadata URL
- `name` (String) Name of the app.
- `sign_on_mode` (String) Sign on mode of application.

<a id="nestedblock--attribute_statements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `attribute_statements`

Required:

- `name` (String) The reference name of the attribute statement

Optional:

- `filter_type` (String) Type of group attribute filter
- `filter_value` (String) Filter value to use
- `namespace` (String) The name format of the attribute
- `type` (String) The type of attribute statements object
- `values` (List of String)


<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)


<a id="nestedatt--keys"></a>
### Nested Schema for `keys`

Read-Only:

- `created` (String)
- `e` (String)
- `expires_at` (String)
- `kid` (String)
- `kty` (String)
- `last_updated` (String)
- `n` (String)
- `use` (String)
- `x5c` (List of String)
- `x5t_s256` (String)


