---
page_title: "Resource: okta_app_user_schema_property"
description: |-
  Creates an Application User Schema property.
  This resource allows you to create and configure a custom user schema property and associate it with an application.
  Make sure that the app instance is 'active' before creating the schema property, because in some cases API might return '404' error.
  IMPORTANT: With 'enum', list its values as strings even though the 'type'
  may be something other than string. This is a limitation of the schema defintion
  in the Terraform Plugin SDK runtime and we juggle the type correctly when making
  Okta API calls. Same holds for the 'const' value of 'oneof' as well as the
  'array*' variation of 'enum' and 'one_of'
---

# Resource: okta_app_user_schema_property

Creates an Application User Schema property.
This resource allows you to create and configure a custom user schema property and associate it with an application.
Make sure that the app instance is 'active' before creating the schema property, because in some cases API might return '404' error.
**IMPORTANT:** With 'enum', list its values as strings even though the 'type'
may be something other than string. This is a limitation of the schema defintion
in the Terraform Plugin SDK runtime and we juggle the type correctly when making
Okta API calls. Same holds for the 'const' value of 'one_of' as well as the
'array_*' variation of 'enum' and 'one_of'

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_app_user_schema_property" "example" {
  app_id      = "<app id>"
  index       = "customPropertyName"
  title       = "customPropertyName"
  type        = "string"
  description = "My custom property name"
  master      = "OKTA"
  scope       = "SELF"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `app_id` (String) The Application's ID the user custom schema property should be assigned to.
- `index` (String) Subschema unique string identifier
- `title` (String) Subschema title (display name)
- `type` (String) The type of the schema property. It can be `string`, `boolean`, `number`, `integer`, `array`, or `object`

### Optional

- `array_enum` (List of String) Array of values that an array property's items can be set to.
- `array_one_of` (Block List) Display name and value an enum array can be set to.
	- 'const' - (Required) value mapping to member of 'enum'.
	- 'title' - (Required) display name for the enum value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--array_one_of))
- `array_type` (String) The type of the array elements if `type` is set to `array`
- `description` (String) The description of the user schema property.
- `enum` (List of String) Array of values a primitive property can be set to. See `array_enum` for arrays.
- `external_name` (String) External name of the user schema property.
- `external_namespace` (String) External namespace of the user schema property.
- `master` (String) Master priority for the user schema property. It can be set to `PROFILE_MASTER` or `OKTA`
- `max_length` (Number) The maximum length of the user property value. Only applies to type `string`
- `min_length` (Number) The minimum length of the user property value. Only applies to type `string`
- `one_of` (Block List) Array of maps containing a mapping for display name to enum value.
	- 'const' - (Required) value mapping to member of 'enum'.
	- 'title' - (Required) display name for the enum value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--one_of))
- `permissions` (String) Access control permissions for the property. It can be set to `READ_WRITE`, `READ_ONLY`, `HIDE`. Default: `READ_ONLY`
- `required` (Boolean) Whether the subschema is required
- `scope` (String) determines whether an app user attribute can be set at the Personal `SELF` or Group `NONE` level. Default value is `NONE`.
- `union` (Boolean) If `type` is set to `array`, used to set whether attribute value is determined by group priority `false`, or combine values across groups `true`. Can not be set to `true` if `scope` is set to `SELF`.
- `unique` (String) Whether the property should be unique. It can be set to `UNIQUE_VALIDATED` or `NOT_UNIQUE`.
- `user_type` (String) User type ID. By default, it is `default`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--array_one_of"></a>
### Nested Schema for `array_one_of`

Required:

- `const` (String) Value mapping to member of `array_enum`
- `title` (String) Display name for the enum value.


<a id="nestedblock--one_of"></a>
### Nested Schema for `one_of`

Required:

- `const` (String) Enum value
- `title` (String) Enum title

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import okta_app_user_schema_property.example &#60;app id&#62;/&#60;property name&#62;
```
