---
page_title: "Resource: okta_app_basic_auth"
description: |-
  This resource allows you to create and configure an Auto Login Okta Application.
  -> During an apply if there is change in status the app will first be
  activated or deactivated in accordance with the status change. Then, all
  other arguments that changed will be applied.
---

# Resource: okta_app_basic_auth

This resource allows you to create and configure an Auto Login Okta Application.

-> During an apply if there is change in status the app will first be
activated or deactivated in accordance with the status change. Then, all
other arguments that changed will be applied.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_app_basic_auth" "example" {
  label    = "Example"
  url      = "https://example.com/login.html"
  auth_url = "https://example.com/auth.html"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `auth_url` (String) The URL of the authenticating site for this app.
- `label` (String) The Application's display name.
- `url` (String) The URL of the sign-in page for this app.

### Optional

- `accessibility_error_redirect_url` (String) Custom error page URL
- `accessibility_login_redirect_url` (String) Custom login page URL
- `accessibility_self_service` (Boolean) Enable self service. Default is `false`
- `admin_note` (String) Application notes for admins.
- `app_links_json` (String) Displays specific appLinks for the app. The value for each application link should be boolean.
- `auto_submit_toolbar` (Boolean) Display auto submit toolbar
- `enduser_note` (String) Application notes for end users.
- `hide_ios` (Boolean) Do not display application icon on mobile app
- `hide_web` (Boolean) Do not display application icon to users
- `logo` (String) Local file path to the logo. The file must be in PNG, JPG, or GIF format, and less than 1 MB in size.
- `status` (String) Status of application. By default, it is `ACTIVE`
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `logo_url` (String) URL of the application's logo
- `name` (String) Name of the app.
- `sign_on_mode` (String) Sign on mode of application.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import okta_app_basic_auth.example &#60;app id&#62
```
