---
page_title: "Resource: okta_app_swa"
description: |-
  Creates a SWA Application.
  This resource allows you to create and configure a SWA Application.
  -> During an apply if there is change in 'status' the app will first be
  activated or deactivated in accordance with the 'status' change. Then, all
  other arguments that changed will be applied.
---

# Resource: okta_app_swa

Creates a SWA Application.
		
This resource allows you to create and configure a SWA Application.

-> During an apply if there is change in 'status' the app will first be
activated or deactivated in accordance with the 'status' change. Then, all
other arguments that changed will be applied.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_app_swa" "example" {
  label          = "example"
  button_field   = "btn-login"
  password_field = "txtbox-password"
  username_field = "txtbox-username"
  url            = "https://example.com/login.html"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `label` (String) The Application's display name.

### Optional

- `accessibility_error_redirect_url` (String) Custom error page URL
- `accessibility_login_redirect_url` (String) Custom login page URL
- `accessibility_self_service` (Boolean) Enable self service. Default is `false`
- `admin_note` (String) Application notes for admins.
- `app_links_json` (String) Displays specific appLinks for the app. The value for each application link should be boolean.
- `auto_submit_toolbar` (Boolean) Display auto submit toolbar
- `button_field` (String) Login button field
- `checkbox` (String) CSS selector for the checkbox
- `enduser_note` (String) Application notes for end users.
- `hide_ios` (Boolean) Do not display application icon on mobile app
- `hide_web` (Boolean) Do not display application icon to users
- `logo` (String) Local file path to the logo. The file must be in PNG, JPG, or GIF format, and less than 1 MB in size.
- `password_field` (String) Login password field
- `preconfigured_app` (String) Preconfigured app name
- `redirect_url` (String) If going to the login page URL redirects to another page, then enter that URL here
- `status` (String) Status of application. By default, it is `ACTIVE`
- `timeouts` (Block, Optional) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--timeouts))
- `url` (String) Login URL
- `url_regex` (String) A regex that further restricts URL to the specified regex
- `user_name_template` (String) Username template. Default: `${source.login}`
- `user_name_template_push_status` (String) Push username on update. Valid values: `PUSH` and `DONT_PUSH`
- `user_name_template_suffix` (String) Username template suffix
- `user_name_template_type` (String) Username template type. Default: `BUILT_IN`
- `username_field` (String) Login username field

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `logo_url` (String) URL of the application's logo
- `name` (String) Name of the app.
- `sign_on_mode` (String) Sign on mode of application.

<a id="nestedblock--timeouts"></a>
### Nested Schema for `timeouts`

Optional:

- `create` (String)
- `read` (String)
- `update` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import okta_app_swa.example &#60;app id&#62;
```
