---
page_title: "Resource: okta_auth_server_default"
description: |-
  Configures Default Authorization Server. This resource allows you to configure Default Authorization Server.
---

# Resource: okta_auth_server_default

Configures Default Authorization Server. This resource allows you to configure Default Authorization Server.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_auth_server_default" "example" {
  audiences   = ["api://default"]
  description = "Default Authorization Server for your Applications"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `audiences` (Set of String) The recipients that the tokens are intended for. This becomes the `aud` claim in an access token. Currently Okta only supports a single value here.
- `credentials_rotation_mode` (String) The key rotation mode for the authorization server. Can be `AUTO` or `MANUAL`. Default: `MANUAL`.Credential rotation mode, in many cases you cannot set this to MANUAL, the API will ignore the value and you will get a perpetual diff. This should rarely be used.
- `description` (String) The description of the authorization server.
- `issuer_mode` (String) *Early Access Property*. Allows you to use a custom issuer URL. It can be set to `CUSTOM_URL`, `ORG_URL`, or `DYNAMIC`. Default: `ORG_URL`
- `name` (String) The name of the authorization server. Not necessary but left for backwards capacity with legacy implementation.
- `status` (String) Default to `ACTIVE`

### Read-Only

- `credentials_last_rotated` (String) The timestamp when the authorization server started to use the `kid` for signing tokens.
- `credentials_next_rotation` (String) The timestamp when the authorization server changes the key for signing tokens. Only returned when `credentials_rotation_mode` is `AUTO`.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `issuer` (String) The complete URL for a Custom Authorization Server. This becomes the `iss` claim in an access token.
- `kid` (String) The ID of the JSON Web Key used for signing tokens issued by the authorization server.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import okta_auth_server_default.example &#60;default&#62;
```
