---
page_title: "Resource: okta_factor_totp"
description: |-
  Allows you to manage the time-based one-time password (TOTP) factors. A time-based one-time password (TOTP) is a
          temporary passcode that is generated for user authentication. Examples of TOTP include hardware authenticators and
          mobile app authenticators.
  Once saved, the settings cannot be changed (except for the 'name' field). Any other change would force resource
  recreation.
---

# Resource: okta_factor_totp

Allows you to manage the time-based one-time password (TOTP) factors. A time-based one-time password (TOTP) is a
		temporary passcode that is generated for user authentication. Examples of TOTP include hardware authenticators and
		mobile app authenticators.
		
Once saved, the settings cannot be changed (except for the 'name' field). Any other change would force resource
recreation.

~> IMPORTANT: Okta API does not allow deletion of the TOTP factors through the
API. This provider will print a warning if it attempts to destroy the resource
receives a 501 not implemented error from the API instead of outright failing.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_factor_totp" "example" {
  name                   = "example"
  otp_length             = 10
  hmac_algorithm         = "HMacSHA256"
  time_step              = 30
  clock_drift_interval   = 10
  shared_secret_encoding = "hexadecimal"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) The TOTP name.

### Optional

- `clock_drift_interval` (Number) Clock drift interval. This setting allows you to build in tolerance for any drift between the token's current time and the server's current time. Valid values: `3`, `5`, `10`. Default is `3`.
- `hmac_algorithm` (String) HMAC Algorithm. Valid values: `HMacSHA1`, `HMacSHA256`, `HMacSHA512`. Default is `HMacSHA512`.
- `otp_length` (Number) Length of the password. Default is `6`.
- `shared_secret_encoding` (String) Shared secret encoding. Valid values: `base32`, `base64`, `hexadecimal`. Default is `base32`.
- `time_step` (Number) Time step in seconds. Valid values: `15`, `30`, `60`. Default is `15`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.


