---
page_title: "Resource: okta_group_schema_property"
description: |-
  Creates a Group Schema property.
  This resource allows you to create and configure a custom group schema property.
  IMPORTANT: With 'enum', list its values as strings even though the 'type'
  may be something other than string. This is a limitation of the schema defintion
  in the Terraform Plugin SDK runtime and we juggle the type correctly when making
  Okta API calls. Same holds for the 'const' value of 'oneof' as well as the
  'array*' variation of 'enum' and 'one_of'.
---

# Resource: okta_group_schema_property

Creates a Group Schema property.
This resource allows you to create and configure a custom group schema property.
**IMPORTANT:** With 'enum', list its values as strings even though the 'type'
may be something other than string. This is a limitation of the schema defintion
in the Terraform Plugin SDK runtime and we juggle the type correctly when making
Okta API calls. Same holds for the 'const' value of 'one_of' as well as the
'array_*' variation of 'enum' and 'one_of'.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_group_schema_property" "example" {
  index       = "customPropertyName"
  title       = "customPropertyName"
  type        = "string"
  description = "My custom property name"
  master      = "OKTA"
  scope       = "SELF"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `index` (String) Subschema unique string identifier
- `title` (String) Subschema title (display name)
- `type` (String) The type of the schema property. It can be `string`, `boolean`, `number`, `integer`, `array`, or `object`

### Optional

- `array_enum` (List of String) Array of values that an array property's items can be set to.
- `array_one_of` (Block List) Display name and value an enum array can be set to.
	- 'const' - (Required) value mapping to member of 'enum'.
	- 'title' - (Required) display name for the enum value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--array_one_of))
- `array_type` (String) The type of the array elements if `type` is set to `array`
- `description` (String) The description of the user schema property.
- `enum` (List of String) Array of values a primitive property can be set to. See `array_enum` for arrays.
- `external_name` (String) External name of the user schema property.
- `external_namespace` (String) External namespace of the user schema property.
- `master` (String) Master priority for the group schema property. It can be set to `PROFILE_MASTER`, `OVERRIDE` or `OKTA`. Default: `PROFILE_MASTER`
- `master_override_priority` (Block List) Prioritized list of profile sources (required when `master` is `OVERRIDE`). (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--master_override_priority))
- `max_length` (Number) The maximum length of the user property value. Only applies to type `string`
- `min_length` (Number) The minimum length of the user property value. Only applies to type `string`
- `one_of` (Block List) Array of maps containing a mapping for display name to enum value.
	- 'const' - (Required) value mapping to member of 'enum'.
	- 'title' - (Required) display name for the enum value. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--one_of))
- `permissions` (String) Access control permissions for the property. It can be set to `READ_WRITE`, `READ_ONLY`, `HIDE`. Default: `READ_ONLY`
- `required` (Boolean) Whether the subschema is required
- `scope` (String)
- `unique` (String) Whether the property should be unique. It can be set to `UNIQUE_VALIDATED` or `NOT_UNIQUE`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--array_one_of"></a>
### Nested Schema for `array_one_of`

Required:

- `const` (String) Value mapping to member of `array_enum`
- `title` (String) Display name for the enum value.


<a id="nestedblock--master_override_priority"></a>
### Nested Schema for `master_override_priority`

Required:

- `value` (String)

Optional:

- `type` (String)


<a id="nestedblock--one_of"></a>
### Nested Schema for `one_of`

Required:

- `const` (String) Enum value
- `title` (String) Enum title

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import okta_group_schema_property.example &#60;index&#62;
```
