---
page_title: "Resource: okta_group_role"
description: |-
  Assigns Admin roles to Okta Groups. This resource allows you to assign Okta administrator roles to Okta Groups. This resource provides a one-to-one interface between the Okta group and the admin role.
---

# Resource: okta_group_role

Assigns Admin roles to Okta Groups. This resource allows you to assign Okta administrator roles to Okta Groups. This resource provides a one-to-one interface between the Okta group and the admin role.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_group_role" "example" {
  group_id  = "<group id>"
  role_type = "READ_ONLY_ADMIN"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `group_id` (String) ID of group to attach admin roles to
- `role_type` (String) Admin role assigned to the group. It can be any one of the following values:
	"API_ADMIN",
	"APP_ADMIN",
	"CUSTOM",
	"GROUP_MEMBERSHIP_ADMIN",
	"HELP_DESK_ADMIN",
	"MOBILE_ADMIN",
	"ORG_ADMIN",
	"READ_ONLY_ADMIN",
	"REPORT_ADMIN",
	"SUPER_ADMIN",
	"USER_ADMIN"
	. See [API Docs](https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/roles/#role-types).
	- "USER_ADMIN" is the Group Administrator.

### Optional

- `disable_notifications` (Boolean) When this setting is enabled, the admins won't receive any of the default Okta administrator emails. These admins also won't have access to contact Okta Support and open support cases on behalf of your org.
- `target_app_list` (Set of String) A list of app names (name represents set of app instances, like 'salesforce' or 'facebook'), or a combination of app name and app instance ID (like 'facebook.0oapsqQ6dv19pqyEo0g3') you would like as the targets of the admin role. - Only supported when used with the role type `APP_ADMIN`.
- `target_group_list` (Set of String) A list of group IDs you would like as the targets of the admin role. - Only supported when used with the role types: `GROUP_MEMBERSHIP_ADMIN`, `HELP_DESK_ADMIN`, or `USER_ADMIN`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import okta_group_role.example &#60;group id&#62;/&#60;role id&#62;
```
