---
page_title: "Resource: okta_idp_oidc"
description: |-
  Creates an OIDC Identity Provider. This resource allows you to create and configure an OIDC Identity Provider.
---

# Resource: okta_idp_oidc

Creates an OIDC Identity Provider. This resource allows you to create and configure an OIDC Identity Provider.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_idp_oidc" "example" {
  name                  = "example"
  authorization_url     = "https://idp.example.com/authorize"
  authorization_binding = "HTTP-REDIRECT"
  token_url             = "https://idp.example.com/token"
  token_binding         = "HTTP-POST"
  user_info_url         = "https://idp.example.com/userinfo"
  user_info_binding     = "HTTP-REDIRECT"
  jwks_url              = "https://idp.example.com/keys"
  jwks_binding          = "HTTP-REDIRECT"
  scopes                = ["openid"]
  client_id             = "efg456"
  client_secret         = "efg456"
  issuer_url            = "https://id.example.com"
  username_template     = "idpuser.email"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `authorization_binding` (String) The method of making an authorization request. It can be set to `HTTP-POST` or `HTTP-REDIRECT`.
- `authorization_url` (String) IdP Authorization Server (AS) endpoint to request consent from the user and obtain an authorization code grant.
- `client_id` (String) Unique identifier issued by AS for the Okta IdP instance.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret issued by AS for the Okta IdP instance.
- `issuer_url` (String) URI that identifies the issuer.
- `jwks_binding` (String) The method of making a request for the OIDC JWKS. It can be set to `HTTP-POST` or `HTTP-REDIRECT`
- `jwks_url` (String) Endpoint where the keys signer publishes its keys in a JWK Set.
- `name` (String) Name of the IdP
- `scopes` (Set of String) The scopes of the IdP.
- `token_binding` (String) The method of making a token request. It can be set to `HTTP-POST` or `HTTP-REDIRECT`.
- `token_url` (String) IdP Authorization Server (AS) endpoint to exchange the authorization code grant for an access token.

### Optional

- `account_link_action` (String) Specifies the account linking action for an IdP user. Default: `AUTO`
- `account_link_group_include` (Set of String) Group memberships to determine link candidates.
- `deprovisioned_action` (String) Action for a previously deprovisioned IdP user during authentication. Can be `NONE` or `REACTIVATE`. Default: `NONE`
- `groups_action` (String) Provisioning action for IdP user's group memberships. It can be `NONE`, `SYNC`, `APPEND`, or `ASSIGN`. Default: `NONE`
- `groups_assignment` (Set of String) List of Okta Group IDs to add an IdP user as a member with the `ASSIGN` `groups_action`.
- `groups_attribute` (String) IdP user profile attribute name (case-insensitive) for an array value that contains group memberships.
- `groups_filter` (Set of String) Whitelist of Okta Group identifiers that are allowed for the `APPEND` or `SYNC` `groups_action`.
- `issuer_mode` (String) Indicates whether Okta uses the original Okta org domain URL, a custom domain URL, or dynamic. It can be `ORG_URL`, `CUSTOM_URL`, or `DYNAMIC`. Default: `ORG_URL`
- `max_clock_skew` (Number) Maximum allowable clock-skew when processing messages from the IdP.
- `pkce_required` (Boolean) Require Proof Key for Code Exchange (PKCE) for additional verification key rotation mode. See: https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/idps/#oauth-2-0-and-openid-connect-client-object
- `profile_master` (Boolean) Determines if the IdP should act as a source of truth for user profile attributes.
- `protocol_type` (String) The type of protocol to use. It can be `OIDC` or `OAUTH2`. Default: `OIDC`
- `provisioning_action` (String) Provisioning action for an IdP user during authentication. Default: `AUTO`
- `request_signature_algorithm` (String) The HMAC Signature Algorithm used when signing an authorization request. Defaults to `HS256`. It can be `HS256`, `HS384`, `HS512`, `SHA-256`. `RS256`, `RS384`, or `RS512`. NOTE: `SHA-256` an undocumented legacy value and not continue to be valid. See API docs https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/idps/#oidc-request-signature-algorithm-object
- `request_signature_scope` (String) Specifies whether to digitally sign an AuthnRequest messages to the IdP. Defaults to `REQUEST`. It can be `REQUEST` or `NONE`.
- `status` (String) Default to `ACTIVE`
- `subject_match_attribute` (String) Okta user profile attribute for matching transformed IdP username. Only for matchType `CUSTOM_ATTRIBUTE`.
- `subject_match_type` (String) Determines the Okta user profile attribute match conditions for account linking and authentication of the transformed IdP username. By default, it is set to `USERNAME`. It can be set to `USERNAME`, `EMAIL`, `USERNAME_OR_EMAIL` or `CUSTOM_ATTRIBUTE`.
- `suspended_action` (String) Action for a previously suspended IdP user during authentication. Can be `NONE` or `REACTIVATE`. Default: `NONE`
- `user_info_binding` (String)
- `user_info_url` (String) Protected resource endpoint that returns claims about the authenticated user.
- `username_template` (String) Okta EL Expression to generate or transform a unique username for the IdP user. Default: `idpuser.email`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `type` (String) Type of OIDC IdP.
- `user_type_id` (String) User type ID. Can be used as `target_id` in the `okta_profile_mapping` resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import okta_idp_oidc.example <idp_id>
```
