---
page_title: "Resource: okta_idp_social"
description: |-
  Creates a Social Identity Provider. This resource allows you to create and configure a Social Identity Provider.
---

# Resource: okta_idp_social

Creates a Social Identity Provider. This resource allows you to create and configure a Social Identity Provider.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_idp_social" "example" {
  type          = "FACEBOOK"
  protocol_type = "OAUTH2"
  name          = "testAcc_facebook_replace_with_uuid"

  scopes = [
    "public_profile",
    "email",
  ]

  client_id         = "abcd123"
  client_secret     = "abcd123"
  username_template = "idpuser.email"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the IdP
- `scopes` (Set of String) The scopes of the IdP.
- `type` (String) Identity Provider Types: https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/idps/#identity-provider-type

### Optional

- `account_link_action` (String) Specifies the account linking action for an IdP user. Default: `AUTO`
- `account_link_group_include` (Set of String) Group memberships to determine link candidates.
- `apple_kid` (String) The Key ID that you obtained from Apple when you created the private key for the client
- `apple_private_key` (String, Sensitive) The Key ID that you obtained from Apple when you created the private key for the client. PrivateKey is required when resource is first created. For all consecutive updates, it can be empty/omitted and keeps the existing value if it is empty/omitted. PrivateKey isn't returned when importing this resource.
- `apple_team_id` (String) The Team ID associated with your Apple developer account
- `client_id` (String) Unique identifier issued by AS for the Okta IdP instance.
- `client_secret` (String, Sensitive) Client secret issued by AS for the Okta IdP instance.
- `deprovisioned_action` (String) Action for a previously deprovisioned IdP user during authentication. Can be `NONE` or `REACTIVATE`. Default: `NONE`
- `groups_action` (String) Provisioning action for IdP user's group memberships. It can be `NONE`, `SYNC`, `APPEND`, or `ASSIGN`. Default: `NONE`
- `groups_assignment` (Set of String) List of Okta Group IDs to add an IdP user as a member with the `ASSIGN` `groups_action`.
- `groups_attribute` (String) IdP user profile attribute name (case-insensitive) for an array value that contains group memberships.
- `groups_filter` (Set of String) Whitelist of Okta Group identifiers that are allowed for the `APPEND` or `SYNC` `groups_action`.
- `issuer_mode` (String) Indicates whether Okta uses the original Okta org domain URL, or a custom domain URL. It can be `ORG_URL` or `CUSTOM_URL`. Default: `ORG_URL`
- `max_clock_skew` (Number) Maximum allowable clock-skew when processing messages from the IdP.
- `profile_master` (Boolean) Determines if the IdP should act as a source of truth for user profile attributes.
- `protocol_type` (String) The type of protocol to use. It can be `OIDC` or `OAUTH2`. Default: `OAUTH2`
- `provisioning_action` (String) Provisioning action for an IdP user during authentication. Default: `AUTO`
- `status` (String) Default to `ACTIVE`
- `subject_match_attribute` (String) Okta user profile attribute for matching transformed IdP username. Only for matchType `CUSTOM_ATTRIBUTE`.
- `subject_match_type` (String) Determines the Okta user profile attribute match conditions for account linking and authentication of the transformed IdP username. By default, it is set to `USERNAME`. It can be set to `USERNAME`, `EMAIL`, `USERNAME_OR_EMAIL` or `CUSTOM_ATTRIBUTE`.
- `suspended_action` (String) Action for a previously suspended IdP user during authentication. Can be `NONE` or `REACTIVATE`. Default: `NONE`
- `username_template` (String) Okta EL Expression to generate or transform a unique username for the IdP user. Default: `idpuser.email`

### Read-Only

- `authorization_binding` (String) The method of making an authorization request. It can be set to `HTTP-POST` or `HTTP-REDIRECT`.
- `authorization_url` (String) IdP Authorization Server (AS) endpoint to request consent from the user and obtain an authorization code grant.
- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `token_binding` (String) The method of making a token request. It can be set to `HTTP-POST` or `HTTP-REDIRECT`.
- `token_url` (String) IdP Authorization Server (AS) endpoint to exchange the authorization code grant for an access token.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import okta_idp_social.example &#60;idp id&#62;
```
