---
page_title: "Resource: okta_inline_hook"
description: |-
  Creates an inline hook. This resource allows you to create and configure an inline hook.
---

# Resource: okta_inline_hook

Creates an inline hook. This resource allows you to create and configure an inline hook.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_inline_hook" "example" {
  name    = "example"
  version = "1.0.0"
  type    = "com.okta.oauth2.tokens.transform"

  channel = {
    version = "1.0.0"
    uri     = "https://example.com/test"
    method  = "POST"
  }

  auth = {
    key   = "Authorization"
    type  = "HEADER"
    value = "secret"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `channel` (Map of String) Details of the endpoint the inline hook will hit.
	- 'version' - (Required) Version of the channel. The currently-supported version is '1.0.0'.
	- 'uri' - (Required) The URI the hook will hit.
	- 'type' - (Optional) The type of hook to trigger. Currently, the only supported type is 'HTTP'.
	- 'method' - (Optional) The request method to use. Default is "POST".
- `name` (String) The inline hook display name.
- `type` (String) The type of hook to create. [See here for supported types](https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/inline-hooks/#supported-inline-hook-types).
- `version` (String) The version of the hook. The currently-supported version is `1.0.0`.

### Optional

- `auth` (Map of String) Authentication required for inline hook request.
	- 'key' - (Required) Key to use for authentication, usually the header name, for example 'Authorization'.
	- 'value' - (Required) Authentication secret.
	- 'type' - (Optional) Auth type. Currently, the only supported type is 'HEADER'.
- `headers` (Block Set) Map of headers to send along in inline hook request. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--headers))
- `status` (String) Default to `ACTIVE`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--headers"></a>
### Nested Schema for `headers`

Optional:

- `key` (String)
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import okta_inline_hook.example &#60;hook id&#62;
```
