---
page_title: "Resource: okta_network_zone"
description: |-
  Creates an Okta Network Zone. This resource allows you to create and configure an Okta Network Zone.
---

# Resource: okta_network_zone

Creates an Okta Network Zone. This resource allows you to create and configure an Okta Network Zone.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_network_zone" "example" {
  name     = "example"
  type     = "IP"
  gateways = ["1.2.3.4/24", "2.3.4.5-2.3.4.15"]
  proxies  = ["2.2.3.4/24", "3.3.4.5-3.3.4.15"]
}

## Example Usage - Dynamic Tor Blocker

resource "okta_network_zone" "example" {
  name               = "TOR Blocker"
  type               = "DYNAMIC"
  usage              = "BLOCKLIST"
  dynamic_proxy_type = "TorAnonymizer"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Name of the Network Zone Resource
- `type` (String) Type of the Network Zone - can be `IP`, `DYNAMIC` or `DYNAMIC_V2` only

### Optional

- `asns` (Set of String) List of asns included. Format of each array value: a string representation of an ASN numeric value. Use with type `DYNAMIC` or `DYNAMIC_V2`
- `dynamic_locations` (Set of String) Array of locations ISO-3166-1(2) included. Format code: countryCode OR countryCode-regionCode. Use with type `DYNAMIC` or `DYNAMIC_V2`
- `dynamic_locations_exclude` (Set of String) Array of locations ISO-3166-1(2) excluded. Format code: countryCode OR countryCode-regionCode. Use with type `DYNAMIC_V2`
- `dynamic_proxy_type` (String) Type of proxy being controlled by this dynamic network zone - can be one of `Any`, `TorAnonymizer` or `NotTorAnonymizer`. Use with type `DYNAMIC`
- `gateways` (Set of String) Array of values in CIDR/range form depending on the way it's been declared (i.e. CIDR will contain /suffix). Please check API docs for examples. Use with type `IP`
- `ip_service_categories_exclude` (Set of String) List of ip service excluded. Use with type `DYNAMIC_V2`
- `ip_service_categories_include` (Set of String) List of ip service included. Use with type `DYNAMIC_V2`
- `proxies` (Set of String) Array of values in CIDR/range form depending on the way it's been declared (i.e. CIDR will contain /suffix). Please check API docs for examples. Can not be set if `usage` is set to `BLOCKLIST`. Use with type `IP`
- `status` (String) Network Status - can either be `ACTIVE` or `INACTIVE` only
- `usage` (String) Usage of the Network Zone - can be either `POLICY` or `BLOCKLIST`. By default, it is `POLICY`
- `set_usage_as_exempt_list` (Boolean) Set this parameter to true in your request when you update the `DefaultExemptIpZone` to allow IPs through the blocklist.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import okta_network_zone.example <zone_id>
```
