---
page_title: "Resource: okta_policy_rule_signon"
description: |-
  
---

# Resource: okta_policy_rule_signon





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `name` (String) Policy Rule Name

### Optional

- `access` (String) Allow or deny access based on the rule conditions: ALLOW, DENY or CHALLENGE.
- `authtype` (String) Authentication entrypoint: ANY, RADIUS or LDAP_INTERFACE
- `behaviors` (Set of String) List of behavior IDs
- `factor_sequence` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--factor_sequence))
- `identity_provider` (String) Apply rule based on the IdP used: ANY, OKTA or SPECIFIC_IDP.
- `identity_provider_ids` (List of String) When identity_provider is SPECIFIC_IDP then this is the list of IdP IDs to apply the rule on
- `mfa_lifetime` (Number) Elapsed time before the next MFA challenge
- `mfa_prompt` (String) Prompt for MFA based on the device used, a factor session lifetime, or every sign-on attempt: DEVICE, SESSION or ALWAYS
- `mfa_remember_device` (Boolean) Remember MFA device.
- `mfa_required` (Boolean) Require MFA.
- `network_connection` (String) Network selection mode: ANYWHERE, ZONE, ON_NETWORK, or OFF_NETWORK.
- `network_excludes` (List of String) The zones to exclude
- `network_includes` (List of String) The zones to include
- `policy_id` (String) Policy ID of the Rule
- `primary_factor` (String) Primary factor.
- `priority` (Number) Policy Rule Priority, this attribute can be set to a valid priority. To avoid endless diff situation we error if an invalid priority is provided. API defaults it to the last (lowest) if not there.
- `risc_level` (String) Risc level: ANY, LOW, MEDIUM or HIGH
- `session_idle` (Number) Max minutes a session can be idle.
- `session_lifetime` (Number) Max minutes a session is active: Disable = 0.
- `session_persistent` (Boolean) Whether session cookies will last across browser sessions. Okta Administrators can never have persistent session cookies.
- `status` (String) Policy Rule Status: ACTIVE or INACTIVE.
- `users_excluded` (Set of String) Set of User IDs to Exclude

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

<a id="nestedblock--factor_sequence"></a>
### Nested Schema for `factor_sequence`

Required:

- `primary_criteria_factor_type` (String) Type of a Factor
- `primary_criteria_provider` (String) Factor provider

Optional:

- `secondary_criteria` (Block List) (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--factor_sequence--secondary_criteria))

<a id="nestedblock--factor_sequence--secondary_criteria"></a>
### Nested Schema for `factor_sequence.secondary_criteria`

Required:

- `factor_type` (String) Type of a Factor
- `provider` (String) Factor provider


