---
page_title: "Resource: okta_request_v2"
description: |-
  
---

# Resource: okta_request_v2





<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Optional

- `requested` (Block, Optional) A representation of a resource that can be requested for access. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--requested))
- `requested_for` (Block, Optional) A representation of a principal. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--requested_for))
- `requester_field_values` (Block Set) The requester input fields required by the approval system. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--requester_field_values))

### Read-Only

- `access_duration` (String) How long the requester retains access after their request is approved and fulfilled.
- `created` (String) The ISO 8601 formatted date and time when the resource was created.
- `created_by` (String) The user who created the resource.
- `grant_status` (String) The status of the granted access request.
- `granted` (String) The date the approved access was granted. Only set if request.status is APPROVED.
- `id` (String) Unique identifier for the request.
- `last_updated` (String) The ISO 8601 formatted date and time when the resource was last updated.
- `last_updated_by` (String) The user who last updated the resource.
- `resolved` (String) The date the request was resolved.
- `revocation_scheduled` (String) The date the granted access is scheduled for revocation.
- `revocation_status` (String) The revocation status of the request.
- `revoked` (String) The date the granted access was revoked.
- `status` (String) The status of the request.

<a id="nestedblock--requested"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requested`

Required:

- `entry_id` (String) The ID of the resource catalog entry.
- `type` (String) The type of the resource.

Read-Only:

- `access_scope_id` (String) The ID of the access scope associated with the resource.
- `access_scope_type` (String) The access scope type.
- `resource_id` (String) The ID of the requested resource.
- `resource_type` (String) The requested resource type.


<a id="nestedblock--requested_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requested_for`

Required:

- `external_id` (String) The ID of the Okta user.
- `type` (String) The type of principal.


<a id="nestedblock--requester_field_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requester_field_values`

Optional:

- `id` (String) The ID of a requester field.
- `label` (String) A human-readable description of requester field.
- `type` (String) Type of value for the requester field.
- `value` (String) The value of requester field, which depends on the type of the field.
- `values` (Block Set) The values of requester field with the type MULTISELECT. If the field type is MULTISELECT, this property is required. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--requester_field_values--values))

<a id="nestedblock--requester_field_values--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requester_field_values.values`

Optional:

- `value` (String)


