---
page_title: "Resource: okta_request_v2"
description: |-
  Request settings are useful for managing your org's access requests. Request settings can be read and updated at the org and resource level.
---

# Resource: okta_request_v2

Manage the access request process. This resource allows you to create and read an Okta [request](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/iga/openapi/governance.requests.admin.v2/tag/Requests/#tag/Requests).

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_request_v2" "test"{
  requested{
    type = "CATALOG_ENTRY"
    entry_id = "<entry_id>"
  }
  requested_for{
    type = "OKTA_USER"
    external_id = "<user_id>"
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `requested` (Object) A representation of a resource that can be requested for access.(see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--requested))
- `requested_for` (Object) A representation of a principal.(see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--requested_for))


### Optional

- `requester_field_values` (Object) The requester input fields required by the approval system.(see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--requester_field_values))


### Read-Only

- `id` (String) Request condition id.
- `created` (String) The date and time when the request condition was created.
- `last_updated` (String) The date and time when the request condition was last updated.
- `created_by` (String) The id of the user who created the request condition.
- `last_updated_by` (String) The id of the user who last updated the request condition.
- `status` (String) The status of the request.
- `access_duration` (String) How long the requester retains access after their request is approved and fulfilled.
- `granted` (String) The date the approved access was granted. Only set if request . Status is APPROVED.
- `grant_status` (String) The status of the granted access request.
- `resolved` (String) The date the request was resolved.
- `revocation_scheduled` (String) The date the request was scheduled for revocation.
- `revocation_status` (String) The revocation status of the request.
- `revoked` (String) The date the granted access was revoked.

<a id="nestedblock--requested"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requested`
Required:
- `entry_id` (String) The ID of the resource catalog entry.
- `type` (String) The type of the resource.

Read-Only:
- `access_scope_id` (String) The ID of the access scope associated with the resource.
- `access_scope_type` (String) The access scope type.
- `resource_id` (String) The ID of the requested resource.
- `resource_type` (String) The requested resource type.

<a id="nestedblock--requested_for"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requested_for`
Required:
- `external_id` (String) The ID of the Okta user.
- `type` (String) The type of principal.

<a id="nestedblock--requester_field_values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `requester_field_values`
Optional:
- `id` (String) The ID of a requester field.
- `label` (String) A human-readable description of requester field.
- `type` (String) Type of value for the requester field.
- `value` (String) The value of the requester field.
- `values` (Set) The values of requester field with the type MULTISELECT. If the field type is MULTISELECT, this property is required.(see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--values))

<a id="nestedblock--values"></a>
### Nested Schema for `values`
Optional:
- `value` (String)

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import okta_request_v2.example <request_id>
```