---
page_title: "Resource: okta_role_subscription"
description: |-
  Manages group subscription.
  This resource allows you to configure subscriptions of a Role with a specific type.
  Check configure email notifications https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/Security/custom-admin-role/administrator-email-settings.htm
  page regarding what notifications are available for specific admin roles.
---

# Resource: okta_role_subscription

Manages group subscription.
		
This resource allows you to configure subscriptions of a Role with a specific type. 
Check [configure email notifications](https://help.okta.com/oie/en-us/Content/Topics/Security/custom-admin-role/administrator-email-settings.htm) 
page regarding what notifications are available for specific admin roles.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_role_subscription" "test" {
  role_type         = "SUPER_ADMIN"
  notification_type = "APP_IMPORT"
  status            = "unsubscribed"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `notification_type` (String) Type of the notification. Valid values: 
	- 'CONNECTOR_AGENT' -  Disconnects and reconnects: On-prem provisioning, on-prem MFA agents, and RADIUS server agent.
	- 'USER_LOCKED_OUT' - User lockouts.
	- 'APP_IMPORT' - App user import status.
	- 'LDAP_AGENT' - Disconnects and reconnects: LDAP agent.
	- 'AD_AGENT' - Disconnects and reconnects: AD agent.
	- 'OKTA_ANNOUNCEMENT' - Okta release notes and announcements.
	- 'OKTA_ISSUE' - Trust incidents and updates.
	- 'OKTA_UPDATE' - Scheduled system updates.
	- 'IWA_AGENT' - Disconnects and reconnects: IWA agent.
	- 'USER_DEPROVISION' - User deprovisions.
	- 'REPORT_SUSPICIOUS_ACTIVITY' - User reporting of suspicious activity.
	- 'RATELIMIT_NOTIFICATION' - Rate limit warning and violation.
	- 'AGENT_AUTO_UPDATE_NOTIFICATION' - Agent auto-update notifications: AD Agent.
- `role_type` (String) Type of the role. Valid values:
	'API_ADMIN',
	'APP_ADMIN',
	'CUSTOM',
	'GROUP_MEMBERSHIP_ADMIN',
	'HELP_DESK_ADMIN',
	'MOBILE_ADMIN',
	'ORG_ADMIN',
	'READ_ONLY_ADMIN',
	'REPORT_ADMIN',
	'SUPER_ADMIN',
	'USER_ADMIN'
	. See [API docs](https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/admin-notifications/#role-types).

### Optional

- `status` (String) Subscription status. Valid values: `subscribed`, `unsubscribed`.

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import okta_role_subscription.example <role_type>/<notification_type>
```
