---
page_title: "Resource: okta_ui_schema"
description: |-
  Manages UI Schema. This resource allows you to create and configure an Okta UI Schema for form layouts and controls.
---

# Resource: okta_ui_schema

Manages UI Schema. This resource allows you to create and configure an Okta [UI Schema](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/UISchema/#tag/UISchema) for form layouts and controls.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_ui_schema" example{
  ui_schema{
    button_label="submit"
    type ="Group"
    elements {
      scope = "#/properties/lastName"
    }
  }
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `ui_schema` (Block Set) Properties of the UI schema. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--ui_schema))

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The id property of an UI Schema.

<a id="nestedblock--ui_schema"></a>
### Nested Schema for `ui_schema`

Required:
- `button_label` (String) Specifies the button label for the Submit button at the bottom of the enrollment form..
- `type` (String) Specifies the type of layout.
- `label` (String) Specifies the label at the top of the enrollment form under the logo..
- `elements` (Block List) List of UI schema elements. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--elements))

<a id="nestedblock--elements"></a>
### Nested Schema for `elements`

Required:
- `label` (String) Label name for the UI element.
- `scope` (String) Specifies the property bound to the input field. It must follow the format #/properties/PROPERTY_NAME where PROPERTY_NAME is a variable name for an attribute in profile editor..
- `type` (String) Specifies the relationship between this input element and scope. The Control value specifies that this input controls the value represented by scope.
- `options` (Block Set) UI Schema element options object. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--options))

<a id="nestedblock--options"></a>
### Nested Schema for `options`

Required:
- `format` (String) Specifies how the input appears.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import okta_ui_schema.example <ui_schema_id>
```
