---
page_title: "Resource: okta_user_base_schema_property"
description: |-
  Manages a User Base Schema property. This resource allows you to configure a base user schema property.
---

# Resource: okta_user_base_schema_property

Manages a User Base Schema property. This resource allows you to configure a base user schema property.

## IMPORTANT NOTE: 

Based on the [official documentation](https://developer.okta.com/docs/reference/api/schemas/#user-profile-base-subschema)
base properties can not be modified, except to update permissions, to change the nullability of `firstName` and 
`lastName` (`required` property) or to specify a `pattern` for `login`. Currently, `title` and `type` are required, so
they should be set to the current values of the base property. This will be fixed in the future releases, as this is 
a breaking change.

## Example Usage

```terraform
resource "okta_user_base_schema_property" "example" {
  index     = "firstName"
  title     = "First name"
  type      = "string"
  required  = true
  master    = "OKTA"
  user_type = data.okta_user_type.example.id
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `index` (String) Subschema unique string identifier
- `title` (String) Subschema title (display name)
- `type` (String) The type of the schema property. It can be `string`, `boolean`, `number`, `integer`, `array`, or `object`

### Optional

- `master` (String) Master priority for the user schema property. It can be set to `PROFILE_MASTER` or `OKTA`. Default: `PROFILE_MASTER`
- `pattern` (String) The validation pattern to use for the subschema. Must be in form of '.+', or '[<pattern>]+' if present.'
- `permissions` (String) Access control permissions for the property. It can be set to `READ_WRITE`, `READ_ONLY`, `HIDE`. Default: `READ_ONLY`
- `required` (Boolean) Whether the subschema is required
- `user_type` (String) User type ID. By default, it is `default`

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
### User schema property of default user type can be imported via the property index.
terraform import okta_user_base_schema_property.example <property name>

### User schema property of custom user type can be imported via user type id and property index
terraform import okta_user_base_schema_property.example <user type id>.<property name>
```