---
page_title: "Resource: okta_user"
description: |-
  Creates an Okta User. This resource allows you to create and configure an Okta User.
---

# Resource: okta_user

Creates an Okta User. This resource allows you to create and configure an Okta User.

## Example Usage

```terraform
### Full profile:
resource "okta_user" "example" {
  first_name         = "John"
  last_name          = "Smith"
  login              = "john.smith@example.com"
  email              = "john.smith@example.com"
  city               = "New York"
  cost_center        = "10"
  country_code       = "US"
  department         = "IT"
  display_name       = "Dr. John Smith"
  division           = "Acquisitions"
  employee_number    = "111111"
  honorific_prefix   = "Dr."
  honorific_suffix   = "Jr."
  locale             = "en_US"
  manager            = "Jimbo"
  manager_id         = "222222"
  middle_name        = "John"
  mobile_phone       = "1112223333"
  nick_name          = "Johnny"
  organization       = "Testing Inc."
  postal_address     = "1234 Testing St."
  preferred_language = "en-us"
  primary_phone      = "4445556666"
  profile_url        = "https://www.example.com/profile"
  second_email       = "john.smith.fun@example.com"
  state              = "NY"
  street_address     = "5678 Testing Ave."
  timezone           = "America/New_York"
  title              = "Director"
  user_type          = "Employee"
  zip_code           = "11111"
}

### With Password Inline Hook:
resource "okta_user" "test2" {
  first_name           = "John"
  last_name            = "Smith"
  login                = "example@example.com"
  email                = "example@example.com"
  password_inline_hook = "default"
}
```

<!-- schema generated by tfplugindocs -->
## Schema

### Required

- `email` (String) User primary email address
- `first_name` (String) User first name
- `last_name` (String) User last name
- `login` (String) User Okta login

### Optional

- `city` (String) User city
- `cost_center` (String) User cost center
- `country_code` (String) User country code
- `custom_profile_attributes` (String) JSON formatted custom attributes for a user. It must be JSON due to various types Okta allows. You must first add the custom property to the user profile schema before you reference it. You can use the Profile Editor in the Admin Console or the [Schemas](https://developer.okta.com/docs/api/openapi/okta-management/management/tag/UISchema/#tag/UISchema) API to manage schema extensions.
- `custom_profile_attributes_to_ignore` (Set of String) List of custom_profile_attribute keys that should be excluded from being managed by Terraform. This is useful in situations where specific custom fields may contain sensitive information and should be managed outside of Terraform.
- `department` (String) User department
- `display_name` (String) User display name, suitable to show end users
- `division` (String) User division
- `employee_number` (String) User employee number
- `expire_password_on_create` (Boolean) If set to `true`, the user will have to change the password at the next login. This property will be used when user is being created and works only when `password` field is set. Default: `false`
- `honorific_prefix` (String) User honorific prefix
- `honorific_suffix` (String) User honorific suffix
- `locale` (String) User default location
- `manager` (String) Manager of User
- `manager_id` (String) Manager ID of User
- `middle_name` (String) User middle name
- `mobile_phone` (String) User mobile phone number
- `nick_name` (String) User nickname
- `old_password` (String, Sensitive) Old User Password. Should be only set in case the password was not changed using the provider. fter successful password change this field should be removed and `password` field should be used for further changes.
- `organization` (String) User organization
- `password` (String, Sensitive) User Password
- `password_hash` (Block Set, Max: 1) Specifies a hashed password to import into Okta. (see [below for nested schema](#nestedblock--password_hash))
- `password_inline_hook` (String) Specifies that a Password Import Inline Hook should be triggered to handle verification of the user's password the first time the user logs in. This allows an existing password to be imported into Okta directly from some other store. When updating a user with a password hook the user must be in the `STAGED` status. The `password` field should not be specified when using Password Import Inline Hook.
- `postal_address` (String) User mailing address
- `preferred_language` (String) User preferred language
- `primary_phone` (String) User primary phone number
- `profile_url` (String) User online profile (web page)
- `realm_id` (String) The Realm ID to associate the user with
- `recovery_answer` (String, Sensitive) User Password Recovery Answer
- `recovery_question` (String) User Password Recovery Question
- `second_email` (String) User secondary email address, used for account recovery
- `skip_roles` (Boolean, Deprecated) Do not populate user roles information (prevents additional API call)
- `state` (String) User state or region
- `status` (String) User profile property. Valid values are `ACTIVE`, `DEPROVISIONED`, `STAGED`, `SUSPENDED`. Default: `ACTIVE`
- `street_address` (String) User street address
- `timezone` (String) User default timezone
- `title` (String) User title
- `user_type` (String) User employee type
- `zip_code` (String) User zipcode or postal code

### Read-Only

- `id` (String) The ID of this resource.
- `raw_status` (String) The raw status of the User in Okta - (status is mapped)

<a id="nestedblock--password_hash"></a>
### Nested Schema for `password_hash`

Required:

- `algorithm` (String) The algorithm used to generate the hash using the password
- `value` (String) For SHA-512, SHA-256, SHA-1, MD5, This is the actual base64-encoded hash of the password (and salt, if used). This is the Base64 encoded value of the SHA-512/SHA-256/SHA-1/MD5 digest that was computed by either pre-fixing or post-fixing the salt to the password, depending on the saltOrder. If a salt was not used in the source system, then this should just be the the Base64 encoded value of the password's SHA-512/SHA-256/SHA-1/MD5 digest. For BCRYPT, This is the actual radix64-encoded hashed password.

Optional:

- `salt` (String) Only required for salted hashes
- `salt_order` (String) Specifies whether salt was pre- or postfixed to the password before hashing
- `work_factor` (Number) Governs the strength of the hash and the time required to compute it. Only required for BCRYPT algorithm

## Import

Import is supported using the following syntax:

```shell
terraform import okta_user.example <user_id>
```
